Once there was a very normal guy named Smenen that lived a very normal life style. He lived with his parents even though he was old enough to get his own place and drink. He was more of a laid back guy. Till one day his mom got tired of his attitude and that he wasn’t providing money to the house. It wasn’t only with his mom that he had problems with, but with people from the streets that he owed money to because he used a lot of drugs. He smoked weed on a daily bases. Due too the poor community he lived in. One day he experiences a drive by, by a much known guy to the police department. Luckily he didn’t get hurt but like any mother would do, she sent him with his cousin Poncho in the East Bay in the City of Hayward. Once he got to the airport his cousin was there to pick him up. He was in a 1985 Monte Carlo Super Sport . It was a shiny black that shined so much that it could blind you from the reflection, As Smenen saw Poncho pull up to where he was waiting he greeted him with a handshake and a hug. He quickly noticed that they were very different; he noticed that Poncho was very neat. And he dressed baggy. So when they were driving back to Ponchos place he noticed that his neighborhood was a very friendly one. When they got out the car this pretty Latina girl came up to where the cousins were and surprised poncho and got him from the back. Hugging poncho she looked happy while smenen was staring at her with his mouth open he said DAM! She looked at him and said “are you smenen?” and he replied “yes” she Looked at Poncho and said “babe omg I didn’t know your cousin was coming.” Then Poncho said “oh yea sorry it was sudden, he had problems at his hometown but were going to change his ways huh smenen?” Poncho said looking at him. And Smenen looking down answered “hum yea I guess” They got too the front door of the apartment and opened he door. Smenen eyes got huge. He hadn’t seen a place so neat in his life. Poncho showed him to his room. The next day Smenen woke up and walked all over the apartment and couldn’t find anybody so he went to take a walk to the park and relax. Smenen had never really just sat down and looked at the sky or listened carefully to the sound and the view of the world. He liked it, the smell of the fresh air in the morning and the green grass and the little kids playing in it. It reminded him of the days. Well when he had a family. He had a family, a wife and a son. But a bad day in the hood made him lose everything. Some people started fighting in front of the apartment complex where he lived and fired shots went threw the walls hitting his wife and son. When that flash back went threw his mind tear drops fell from his cheek to the floor. So this little girl went up to him and said “sir why are you crying?” before he answered the little girls mom came running saying sorry for my little girl bothering you. He replied saying “no she wasn’t bothering me at all hah ashes just concerned why I was crying” The mom was a mid height women with dark curly hair, shiny white teeth and big lips that looked as red as a cherry. He immediately said “hey watz gewd?” she blushed and said “nothing” while looking down and playing with her hair. Her cheeks blushed a bright red. He said “so does your little girl have a father?” “No he left us” she said. So he smiled and said “have you had lunch?” So they started talking for a while. It’s been a month since they have been talking as best friends. He wanted to move a step forward in their relation ship bit he didn’t know if she liked him like that. He would ask poncho and his girlfriend if he should get with her or if she might like him? They both said it’s obvious that both of us like each other. I mean why not get together, were both nice people. So he went to her house, as soon as he opened the door the little girl jumped and hugged him and called him daddy the mom and him stared at each other with an awkward look. He walked towards her and told her “hi i just came to ask u a question that I wanted to tell you